FILE_NAME:project.html
TITLE:My Projects
CONTENT_START:
BEGINP
You can call this my show off page. I absolutely love every project I
have done till today. Each of them has always had some sort of
trademark that distinguished them as a "Reuben" project. Size is not
always the criteria for me to like a project, but how powerful and
useful it is to me and everybody else at the end of the day.
ENDP
BEGINP
Most of the projects here have been done under directions of the
university. It is a fact that most people under <a
href="http://www.vtu.ac.in">VTU</a> do not do their projects and take
the easy route of copying the project of the net and putting their
name as authors of the projects. I must say that from a point of a
person who has managed all the projects on my own this really rankles
me to no end. But then again on the long run we see that people who do
all their projects on their own tend to fare better in the competitive
software industry.
ENDP
BEGINP
Now the problem is that VTU has scraped most of the projects for
people under computer science in the junior batches. I do not support
this move. The point I suppose the university scrapped the projects is
that people copied projects. But I must say doing a project is always
a learning experience. Not only do you learn about the technical
aspects of the subject, you also learn other important skills such as
time management, skills needed to make presentations etc. I hope the
university puts back the projects into the curriculum atleast for the
sake of the few honest students who will benefit.
ENDP
BEGINP
I'm not going to be putting up my projects on this site, it is not
because that I don't believe in <a href="http://www.fsf.org">free
software</a>, on the contrary I believe software must be free. The
point is almost all the projects are copied of websites like this. Yes
though I will discuss all the projects and give hints about how to go
about implementing them. I can't discuss implementations of all projects as every body else might have chosen a different project. I would discuss implementation of projects in detail which every body has to implement in common like the text editor and the graphics editor.
ENDP 

FINIS

NAVALPHA
NAVBETA
